Update how-to-evaluate-semantic-kernel.md (#123821)
Azure/azure-content: articles/machine-learning/prompt-flow/how-to-evaluate-semantic-kernel.md

> Follow along with our documentations to get started!
> And keep an eye out for more integrations.

> If you’re interested in learning more about how you can use Planners in Semantic Kernel, we recommend the article below we created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're interested in learning more about how you can use Planners in Semantic Kernel, we recommend that you read the following article:
```
